#summary : research report about the means and methods used to perform the tasks of the project: "remotely access the android device." .
#labels Phase-Requirements

Study of the development environment.
Purpose: Selection of the development environment and the necessary frameworks and libraries.
Description of the information: The study produced the following information relevant application development environment is QTcreator 5.1, since it has support for C + + and sdk android. Which is sufficient to complete the project. Setting up the environment is made in accordance with the recommendations on page http://doc-snapshot.qt-project.org/qtcreator-2.8/creator-developing-android.html

The research funds will provide remote access to the android from PC.
Purpose: The choice of means and methods of remote access to the android from PC.
Description of the information: The study produced the following information, the best means of gaining remote access to the android - have tool from android sdk - android debug bridge (adb). Adb - virualnymi is a link between android and PC, it is possible to control the behavior of, and access to the device's file system by sending a simple console commands. To work in an environment with adb QTcreator need to add the library sdk and ndk. Communication takes place by sending a standard adb commands from the PC to the android. An example of such a command: adb [-d |-e |-s <serial number>] <command>. Where: d - direction adb commands only devices connected via USB.
        e - yapravlenie adb commands only in emulators.
        s - direction adb commands specified emulator / device showing <serialNumber>
        command - one of the teams adb.
A full list of commands is available at the link below and at the document “AdbCommands”.
Information obtained from: http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html
.